escena 1: presentacion de nombres y explicacion de que es un cultivo hidroponico    //comentario: mi nombre es j o h a n no yoan no joan aunque se escribe johan se dice joan solo es una aclaracion


JOHAN:"Have you ever question if plants can grow without a any dirt? I am Johan, and together with John we will present the world of hydroponics."

JHON:"In a hydroponic system, soil is replaced by a nutrient-rich water solution. This allows plants to get their nutrients directly through their roots, with maximun efficiency."                                    //John caundo lo ibamos a hacer dijistes y  nos quedamos una hora convenciondote que el agua no es desmineralizada es normal y ahora la pone minerales lo sacastes de la ia seguro

JHON:"The results? It uses up to 90% less water than traditional farming, takes up less space, and helps crops grow significantly faster."

JOHAN:"From hydroponic farms for your kitchen, hydroponics is the future of sustainable, fresh food. Efficient, clean, and more smart."                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                               // john cuando mire esto no nos presentamos y la escena dice "presentacion de nombres
escena 2: explicacion de como funciona el proyecto

JOHAN:this is tamachuga (entra al chat con la ia) (pone:"how is my plant) (muestra como la ia le responde y muestra la planta)

JOHN: (cambia la camara al cultivo)From this small camera, the AI thinks and takes care of the plants.

JHON: Here is where we add nutrients every five days, and the water pump makes the water circulate.

escena 3: tutorial for build a hidroponic farming
JOHAN: the hidroponic sistem is very easy you need a bottle 3L,cups, soldering iron,lettuge who addapted a water ,

JHON: First, take the cups and place some cotton inside. Open the cotton, put the seeds in, and close it.

JOHAN:Then, make holes in the bottle the same size as the cups. Fill it with the solution and place the cups.  

JOHN:Finally, make sure the water touches the cups, but do not flood them
